Story, tell me what's inside, right? Story
They can't eat it and they all have to leave.
Brother, don’t touch the sweeper
You just said she can resist being summoned. Don't get bullets.
I've only been here for two days. Why did she leave?
She must have been touched
Want to hate my money story
She was swept by me and just couldn’t go down anymore. She liked it.
Then where will I go if she changes?
Or the story of my brother-in-law’s life?
It can be known
Brother-in-law, why is she so anxious?
Too old for me
Xiao Hui’s magical ability can’t stand Jiang Han
Did you die on the first day of the week?
That is to die in Zhou
I didn't want to withdraw my hand
But it’s time to remember
Let you know what the sky is high and the queen is
I'm sorry, I'm going to take my hands off you.
This is the opinion of a man who has been with Master Song for ten years
All open, open all
I will go to Master Song
But the group also wishes the great country to raise flowers and die, so let’s go away
You should leave this person cleanly
It doesn't matter if it passes me
It doesn't matter what I do
What else?
You go with them
I go and you go
You can't even beat my house
You, you are also looking for death
Hear it, brother
Are you really causing trouble with me?
This does not count as Gabafi
Don't worry if it doesn't make sense
Not only Gabafi
But I'm here for Gabafil
Then I do it for Gabafi
Am I as sweet as I thought?
Do you dare to ask for it?
You dare to use it
I will kill you today
No one will listen and try.
People from Dragon King Store
You have the power to kill at will Dragon King
He must be at hand
I might do it for you too
It means standing under the whole faction.
Send, send, send, send, send, send, send, send, send, send, send, send, send, send, send. Send, send, send, send, send, send, send, send, send, send, send, send, send, send,